<!doctype html>
<html>

<head>
	<title>alme2 corpus</title>
	<style>
		table, th, td {border: 1px solid black;}
		table {width:100%}
		th {text-align: left;}
	</style>
</head>

<body>
	<h1>alme2 corpus directory</h1>
  
	<table>
		<tr>
			<th>File</th>
			<th>Description</th>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="beeExtractCompare.py">beeExtractCompare.py</a> </td>
			<td>This script extracts individual bee images from the larger grouped images by comparing the colour of the edges and centre with default colours. This script was used to produced the single bee dataset. </td>
		</tr><tr>
			<td> <a href="beesCNN.py">beesCNN.py</a> </td>
			<td>This is the main CNN training script. The parameters, such as layer size and number of layers, were modified over multiple experiments.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="beesDATA.py">beesDATA.py</a> </td>
			<td>This script prepares the training data and generates files for the features and labels which are used in beesCNN.py.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="capture.py">capture.py</a> </td>
			<td>This script was used on the Raspberry Pi to take the photos.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="connect.py">connect.py</a> </td>
			<td>This script runs on the Raspberry Pi at start-up and connects the Pi to the mobile data service, enabling remote access.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="crop.py">crop.py</a> </td>
			<td>This script uses region data from a csv file to crop out pre-selected areas of the photos and save them in folders according to their labels.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td>data</a> </td>
			<td>three datasets: group_bees: n=14,088 images of groups of bees at the hive entrance, labelled as pollen if a single bee is carrying pollen and nopollen otherwise. single_bees contains n=2,708 images of individual bees, labelled for the presence of pollen. pollen_colour n=1,748 contains individual bees labeled for different colours of pollen. These images have different dimensions.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="flip.py">flip.py</a> </td>
			<td>Script used to duplicate and flip every image in a directory.</td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="qualityCNN.py">qualityCNN.py</a> </td>
			<td>This script was an attempt to use a CNN classifier to remove poor quality images from the dataset. The results were not consistent and as such this method was ultimately not used. </td>
		</tr>
		<tr>
			<td> <a href="region_data.csv">region_data.csv</a> </td>
			<td>Region and label data generated by the VGG annotation tool.</td>
		</tr>	
	</table> 
</body>
</html>
